You give
Morgan Gillory a puzzle,
she won't stop thinking
about it until it's solved.
-  Hey, any news?
-  We found Roman.
-  Sending you a photo now.
-  That's not Roman.
I think someone's been
on my tail the past few days.
Maybe you should just
hide the bag, because
whoever Roman's running from
might not want
what's inside getting out.
If we could just
keep this between us.
We'll keep the circle small.
Let's run this stack of photos
through facial recognition.
Who are you?
I want that backpack.
-  A theft
of major artwork...
- Painted by Rembrandt in 1645.
The thief wanted
this painting for a reason.
Rhys just flew in
to help us find
our missing painting.
I'm an
art recovery specialist.
If I can recover
the Rembrandt safely,
the insurance company can avoid
cutting a rather large check.
You have any idea
who it might be?
Well, the Internet
seems to think so.
Some call him Jean-Baptiste.
If we find The Young Girl,
we should be returning it
to Miriam Weisman,
not the Fosters.
So you go back
to the crime scene on your own
without a police escort?
But if we didn't,
we wouldn't have gotten this.
Detective Karadec
and I can handle it from here.
Are you kicking me
off the case?
Don't worry.
The ransomer
will turn up soon enough.
That's our guy. Let's go!
He was getting away.
Jean-Baptiste
might not exist.
He could be a myth.
The guard shot him
in the left shoulder,
and he fled empty-handed.
I'm down at the museum, and
you're gonna wanna see this.
Our case
just got blown wide open.
Oh, my God.
Damn it, Clark.
Dear God. That's not okay.
No, you're big mad.
Yo. What's the problem?
You love this kind of stuff.
You scared me.
This is where I work.
Okay. I'm sorry. You love
this kind of stuff though.
Not this kind of stuff, okay?
Okay, I'm sorry. I just
couldn't wait to see you.
Been thinking
about you all day.
- All day?
- Well, most of the day.
- Mmm.
- Give me some.
Mmm.
- Okay, let's go.
- Yeah, let's get out of here.
Where are my keys?
Whoa.
And you didn't see anyone
leaving the area
before you found him?
No one.
Yeah, if she hadn't
dropped her keys, we might not
have even noticed him.
Well, if you
think of anything...
Does this have something to do
with the painting
that got stolen?
Morgan.
- You called her?
- I did.
♪ Such a remarkable day ♪
♪ We're friendly
Thanks to you ♪
You remember the museum
director. Cyrus Carrow, 48.
Cause of death:
Blunt force trauma
to the back of the head.
Possibly his own
tire iron, which is missing
from his trunk.
So...  ...our friend
here has a $20 million painting
stolen from his museum,
and two days later,
he winds up dead.
What are the odds
those things aren't connected?
Either he knew something
about the theft
or he knew who did.
Maybe they got to him
before he could get to us.
Any chance
we're looking at Jean-Baptiste?
Not likely.
Jean-Baptiste stole paintings
from across the world.
Cyrus wasn't a traveler.
Maybe he and Jean-Baptiste
were working together.
Hmm. You think
he's the one who called you
to set up the ransom?
I didn't recognize
the voice, but he did
hand me the Polaroid.
So we can't be sure
if our vic was a witness
or an accomplice.
When was he killed?
Um, ME established time
of death within the last hour.
Oh, thank God.
It's just good
that we got here so quickly.
He was wearing this
at the museum.
Yeah, so why would our killer
leave a watch worth 200 grand
on the ground?
Why go through all that trouble
to take it off his wrist
just to what, forget it?
Well, it's fake.
Yeah, if it was real,
the second hand would glide
and not jump around
when it ticks.
Plus, the engraving's
too shallow.
Our techs will take a look.
Sounds good. I'm gonna
skip out for a little bit.
- Everything all right?
- Yeah, just kids' stuff.
Need a ride?
No, I wanna walk.
And a bin
that needs to be emptied
less often...
Oh. Sorry,
just grabbing a towel.
- Made a mess.
- That's okay.
- I'll get it.
- Sure.
Morgan. Morgan.
What... You followed me?
You showed up to a crime scene
and left two minutes later.
Yes, I followed you.
What the hell's going on?
I think Rhys is Jean-Baptiste.
Rhys, the art consultant?
No, the peanut butter cup.
Yes, same guy. Only I don't
think he recovers art.
I think he steals it. Or both.
I don't know.
I just know that
there is a crate in his room,
and I think
our Young Girl is inside.
Settle down. It's a painting.
Um... Okay. That's it?
You heard he's got an art
crate, and now you think he's
an international art thief?
No, I saw it, and I also saw
a scar on his left shoulder
from a bullet wound
just like Jean-Baptiste
in the same spot.
- Okay, well, how did you
see his scar?
- Huh?
The scar. You said you saw it.
Um...
I can tell you're making
a face. Could you translate
that face for me?
Yeah. Yeah.
You know.
He and I... We...
Oh. Oh.
You know what? It shocked
me too. I don't know.
Can we move past that part?
We have to rethink
this entire investigation.
Okay, I think you're being
a little dramatic.
No, Rhys has been
with us every step
from the heist to the murder.
I understand that.
That's why I need
to peek inside that crate.
Morgan, you can't break
into someone's room without
a warrant. You know that.
Obviously,
if I find something important,
I'm gonna say that I saw it
when he invited me in.
That doesn't
make it better, Morgan.
Now you're just adding perjury
to an unlawful search.
Good point. I'll jot that down.
Morgan. Mor...
Hey.
Well, hello.
Where did you disappear to?
Um, I had to go
work on another case.
- Oh.
- Yeah, I know.
It's like I wish people would
just stop killing
each other all the time.
You know,
it's like it's enough already.
Well, I may head back
to my hotel room soon.
Why? Um, I just...
There was so much work
to be done over there, right?
And what's-what's going on
with that watch?
Remember that watch?
- Are you sure
everything's okay?
- Yeah, yeah.
Because we kinda got
interrupted earlier.
We really did.
Maybe... I don't know.
We can pick things up
where we left off.
Did you find the painting?
I found a painting.
I did not find the painting.
So we have no idea
if Rhys is Jean-Baptiste
or our killer.
I'm pretty sure
he's Jean-Baptiste,
but we both know
he's not our killer because
he has an alibi, remember?
Right. Well, a scar's
not enough of a smoking gun,
Morgan. We need more.
Well, I'll find more.
It's how you'll get more
that worries me.
You know what? I don't
need this from you right now.
And I don't need Wagner
going off on you again.
So if you really think Rhys
is Jean-Baptiste,
we need to bring the captain
up to speed.
Absolutely not. No.
The only thing you need to do
is get the captain to bring me
back on the case.
And how should I go
about doing that exactly?
Well, you can start
by keeping your mouth shut
about everything that happened
in the hotel room.
Hmm. Okay. So lie to my captain
about where you were
and how we know what we know.
Just come up with something
that makes sense
and-and makes the captain
trust me again.
You're making this harder
than it needs to be.
I'm sorry.
So now we need to catch a thief
and a murderer.
Detective Karadec,
glad you could join us.
Captain.
Gillory. I'm sure you'll find
another case in need of
your unique talents.
They're gonna have questions
about the victim
at the press conference.
What do we know
about Cyrus Carrow?
No priors, no kids, unmarried,
was born in the Philippines
and got a master's in Sculpture
here in LA.
Cyrus was the museum director
for five years.
We looked into
all the staff after the heist.
Nothing flagged.
What about his social media?
This was his last post
taken two hours
before he was murdered.
Find out where.
What about our ransomer
with the tinted windows?
We ran the plates. The car
is registered to a Lou Fowler.
We put a BOLO out on the car.
Any connections
with Jean-Baptiste?
Nothing yet.
We still don't know
who he is or if he even exists.
I'm a skeptic, but...
...I'd love to be proven wrong.
And the ransomer
hasn't called you again
to make any demands?
No, none of my contacts
has seen or heard a whisper
about the stolen painting on
the dark web or anywhere else.
Maybe it just hasn't surfaced
or whoever took it
is being real careful.
Great. So we're looking for
an art thief and a car thief
who could be the same guy,
but the only suspect
we've been able to identify
is still
Miriam Weisman's grandson.
So will someone find out
what he was doing
while Detective Karadec
and I were running
every red in the city?
My father bought that painting
in 1932. We lived in Krakow.
I was the only one
in our family that survived.
When the Nazis came,
they took everything.
Morgan and I could
go by Cyrus's place,
see if we can find anything.
Just you, Detective.
Morgan's benched.
Forrester and Ozdil,
if there's a connection
between Cyrus and
Jean-Baptiste, I wanna know.
Let's hope we have
a hell of a lot more to say the
next time I talk to the press.
Go follow him.
So what's good around here?
Uh, you can have
some of my carrots
or somebody else's pretzels.
So this is
the consultant's corner, huh?
Where we wait to be called on?
You maybe. Not me. I'm out.
Look, about earlier,
I truly had no plans.
I was... It just...
It's... Honestly...
...it's fine.
We got a little carried away.
It's... It's all good.
Okay. So, how's that other case
coming along?
You know,
the one you had to check on?
Yeah, good, really good.
Solved it.
- Already?
- Yep.
I know. Some of these cases
are tough, you know?
And then some are
just kinda open-and-shut.
Real grab bag
here at Major Crimes.
- Well, congratulations.
- Mm-hmm.
Um...
I've given it some thought.
I'm gonna go
with somebody else's pretzels.
- Captain, you got a second?
- Later, Detective.
You know how the press gets
if we keep them waiting.
I'd like Morgan back
on the Jean-Baptiste case
with me, sir.
- Ah, would you?
- You would too
if you'd worked as many
cases with her as I have.
- Where'd you go?
- I'm not sure I understand.
Back at the crime scene,
you took off. Both of you.
I'm finding it hard
to keep track of you two.
So I think
you work this one solo.
Captain. I work with Morgan.
On every case.
Now I know what
I signed up for. If she
messes up again, it's on me.
I mean, who carries around
a briefcase and never
looks inside of it?
Morgan, can we focus, please?
Fine. What'd you say to Wagner
to get me back on the case?
I spoke to him
cop to cop, and he agreed.
Simple as that.
- You're not gonna
let this go, are you?
- What do you think?
- Look, Wagner knows
that you're...
- Yeah?
...you're a wild card, okay?
But he wants to know everything
that's going on with you.
Same goes for me.
If we do that,
then we stay on his good side.
But if we keep hiding things
from him, it's my ass.
- But we are
hiding things from him.
- I'm well aware.
Then you need to
watch your ass.
Here's, uh,
Cyrus's apartment.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Cyrus lived alone.
Someone's in there.
We didn't
expect anyone to be here.
We're very sorry
for your loss, Emilio.
How long did you know Cyrus?
Cyrus and I started dating
a few months ago.
A friend introduced us right
when I arrived from Colombia,
and, uh, we just clicked.
He asked me to move in with him
almost right away.
When he stopped
answering my texts, I started
to worry and came home.
That's when I saw the news.
I'm so sorry. You know,
my partner and I met Cyrus.
He seemed like
a very sweet man.
I thought we'd be
together forever.
Can you think
of anybody who might've
wanted to hurt him?
Cyrus? No.
And what you do for work?
I'm a language instructor
for IFLA.
International Foreign Language
Assistance Program.
Well, these sure are beautiful.
Oh, yes, thank you.
They're 18th-century
Italian Baroque.
- Oh, I know.
I love the floral motif.
- Yeah.
Was Cyrus
the collector or were you?
I started getting Cyrus
into antiquing.
Uh, we picked those up
last weekend at
the Rose Bowl flea market.
What a find.
This one is so shiny.
What do you use
to polish yours? Ferric oxide?
Uh, I, uh, don't remember
what we used. Some kind of
cleaning product. Why?
Oh, you can use ferric oxide
to polish metals,
but if you add a little bit
of powdered aluminum to it,
you get thermite,
which is
a pyrotechnic composition
that can burn
up to 4500 degrees Fahrenheit.
So people use it for things
like welding or making
fireworks or grenades.
Yeah, it can even melt glass.
Like the skylight
at the museum.
Wait, you... You think
that I had something
to do with the stolen painting?
You know, a by-product
of thermite is,
uh, aluminum oxide.
It's this very fine powder.
Yep, that's it.
You know, I think we should
take this conversation
down to the precinct, Emilio.
Emilio.
Hey. Hey.
Move.
You know, the thing about
stolen vehicles is they
aren't always so reliable.
Out of the car, sir.
Nice and slow.
Hey, it's Arthur.
I gotta take this.
Okay. I'll go brief Wagner.
Arthur, you okay?
Well, things could be better.
- What are you talking about?
- Some guy, he ambushed me.
He was looking
for Roman's backpack.
Hold still.
I got away,
but not before he got
a few hits in on me, you know?
Oh, my God. How bad is it?
I got a hard head.
I'll live.
All right. Where are you?
- I'm getting patched up
right now.
- Which hospital?
Hospitals ask too many
questions. I got my own
cut man. Hey, hold on.
Hey, Harold. Just give me
a second, all right?
Give me one minute.
Thank you, brother.
Morgan, listen to me
very carefully, all right?
These people
are not playing games.
Whatever's in that backpack
that Roman gave me to pick up,
they want it,
and they want it real bad.
Do they know I have it?
I don't know. If they do,
I damn sure
didn't tell 'em about it.
Okay, this guy.
Do you think
you could identify him
and describe him
to a sketch artist?
We talked about this before.
I am not going to the police.
Arthur, you just got attacked.
Who knows when they'll find out
I have Roman's stuff?
Just tell us where you are.
We can come to you.
Please.
Mr. and Mrs. Foster.
What the hell was that?
Greg and I saw your captain's
press conference.
Then you know we're doing
everything we can
to find your stolen painting.
Are you? Because we were
beginning to wonder
if you were only interested
in getting your face
on the news.
If me standing in front of
a camera can help catch
a murderer and a thief...
- And what happened
with the ransom note?
- We have a suspect in custody,
and I assure you we are working
to answer those questions.
Well, it doesn't seem like
you have much to show for it.
Mr. and Mrs. Foster,
we know how much
The Young Girl means to you.
Now I can assure you
that Captain Wagner,
as well as our entire team
in Major Crimes,
is doing everything possible
to bring her home.
Now please let us do our job.
Don't bother.
It's time we hired
our own private detective.
I think you've kept us waiting
long enough.
You're not listening to me.
You got the wrong guy.
No, we wanna
believe you, Emilio,
but you did try
to get away from us
in a stolen vehicle. Twice.
And then there's what we found
in your apartment.
Items consistent
with the burglary.
- That's not mine.
Never seen these before.
- Then why run?
You see, I think you
started dating Cyrus
to get access to his museum,
and then you did that whole
Impossible act.
A theft, a murder, a ransom.
You had the whole thing
planned out.
My relationship
with Cyrus wasn't perfect,
but I would never hurt him.
Not even for $20 million?
Where did you
hide the painting?
I'm not
hiding anything.
But you
showed up to the ransom. What?
Did you get nervous you weren't
gonna be able to find a buyer?
Because I think you found out
about Rhys through Cyrus,
and Cyrus found out
what you were doing,
and you couldn't have that.
Or maybe he discovered
this wasn't the first
painting you stole.
I don't understand.
Oh, I think you do, Emilio.
Or would you prefer the name,
Jean-Baptiste?
I only heard
about the stolen painting
because Cyrus told me,
like... I'm not answering
any more questions.
Fine, don't say another word.
But this court order says
that you need to let us check
for any identifying marks
on your left shoulder.
Got this one cutting
an avocado like a jerk.
Well, I'm glad you survived.
What about you?
- Scars?
-  Mm-hmm.
I only have the one.
I'm pretty sure
you've seen it too.
I don't...
I don't think I have.
Oh, that's hard to believe,
given your powers
of observation.
Summer 2010,
Florence Art Festival. Things
took a very unpleasant turn.
I mean, I didn't see the gun,
but I heard the shot.
Luckily for me,
it missed my artery.
Oh.
He's got a whole
collection of 'em, doesn't he?
That he does.
I served two years in the
Colombian Army. 27th
Jungle Battalion in Putumayo.
Wait, look at
the side of his hand.
Yeah, it's all red. Why?
You think he banged it up?
No, I think it's ink.
Emilio said he was
a language instructor.
He probably
graded papers with red ink,
but I didn't see any papers
in the apartments.
- And what do you do for work?
- I'm a language instructor.
Maybe he was doing it
in an office,
and maybe that office is used
for something
other than just grading papers.
Guys, let's go!
She left.
Okay, so we're thinking
Emilio might have
had another reason to be here.
- Like hiding the painting?
- Or the murder weapon.
- It's a lot of boxes.
- I'll take this room.
All right, let's get started.
Teaching languages could've
kept Emilio hopping
from one country to another.
That would be a good cover
for an international art thief.
Okay, there's
nothing in here, except for
student paperwork.
-  Same.
- What do we have here?
- Whoo.
-  Oh, wow.
I'll call a team
to crack it open.
-  Uh, guys...
-  Yeah.
Looks like we found
Jean-Baptiste.
Good afternoon. I'm
Captain Nick Wagner from the
LAPD's Major Crimes Division.
Earlier today, our detectives
arrested an individual
we believe is responsible
for the murder of Cyrus Carrow.
While our investigation
is not complete,
we will soon be returning
the stolen Rembrandt
to its rightful owners.
Are there any questions?
- Did you inform the Fosters?
- Yep, we left word for them.
They'll be glad.
There doesn't seem to be
any noticeable damage.
Hmm.
Look who's here.
Detectives.
Ari, Miriam,
what are you doing here?
We came to see the painting.
Morgan invited us.
You Arthur?
You a cop trying to blend in?
I'm a friend of Morgan's.
Let me just say
what I gotta say so we can
get this thing over with.
I'm listening.
There was a dude hiding
in the back of my truck.
When I didn't give him
what he wanted,
he reached for a blade,
then we got into it.
You get a look at the guy?
Just a couple of glimpses.
Then we spilled out
into the street.
It all happened pretty fast.
Any information helps.
All right.
White dude, 50s, lean,
salt-and-pepper hair.
He had, uh,
this big-ass goatee.
He also had a, uh... a tattoo
of some kind of bird
peeking out
his shirt right here.
What are you doing?
We found pictures of some
people in Roman's backpack.
One of the guys was somebody
we couldn't identify.
That the guy?
Yeah, that's the guy.
Then I'm gonna need you
to come down
to the precinct with me,
make an official statement.
I'm afraid my unofficial
statement is just gonna
have to stand for now. Sorry.
Your life...
Your life could be in danger.
What do you want me to do, huh?
You want me to sit in
your lobby till you catch him?
Look, just find the guy,
all right?
Put a couple of your people
on Morgan and her family,
'cause trust me, I'm good.
We done here? All right.
I'm giving you my number,
and you're gonna hold on to it.
And I hope you never
see this guy again,
but the moment you do, call me.
All right.
- You invited her?
- Yes, I did.
You think the Fosters
are going to loan out
that painting anytime soon?
This will be the last time
Miriam Weisman
will ever be able to see it,
not to mention the fact
that, technically,
it belongs to her,
so none of this is fair.
Well, it's our job to enforce
the law even when it's not.
Oh, yes,
thank you for the reminder.
I'm sorry for the quick exit,
but I'm due
in Palermo tomorrow.
I have another stolen art piece
that requires my services.
Oh.
Is she a provocative
young girl this time?
She's a landscape.
Well, Rhys, it would seem
that your job here is done.
Thank you.
- The pleasure's all mine.
- Mm-hmm.
And for what it's worth,
I really wish The Young Girl
was being returned
to Miriam Weisman too.
You all right?
Yeah.
That's not her.
What do you mean?
She doesn't have my eyes.
My father always loved
that we had the same eyes.
I think she's right.
Karadec, look at the whites
of her eyes. That's too bright.
In 1645, painters used
chalk mixes or lead white
that had like
a creamy softness to it.
This is brilliant and glaring,
more like a modern
titanium white,
which didn't exist
for another three centuries.
In 1645, no one could've
painted with this brightness
and clarity.
The materials didn't exist.
I'm sorry for the quick exit,
but I'm due in
Palermo tomorrow.
What do you mean it's not her?
Morgan says the one
we found is a fake.
Wouldn't the museum
have authenticated it?
No, not a small museum
like the Harbogh
and when it comes
from a reputable
collector like the Fosters.
So, we're supposed to believe
she knows just by
looking at it?
Well, there's an authenticator
on the way,
but I believe Morgan.
Where is she?
You can take
the next one, right?
Thanks, Gina.
Well, I'm not normally one
for prolonged goodbyes,
but in this case--
- Do you have it?
- I'm sorry, what?
- Do you have the painting?
- Are you serious?
You haven't opened
that briefcase once
since you've been here.
What's inside of it?
So, that's why you asked me
about my scar.
Because you think
I'm Jean-Baptiste.
And then I did what?
Stole the Rembrandt
while no one was looking,
folded it up and hid it
in my briefcase?
I can think of one way
we can clear it up.
They're just confidential
client files in there, Morgan.
Nothing else, I assure you.
All right, there's an
unfortunate amount of paperwork
that goes with art recovery.
I bet, yeah.
Okay, as you wish.
I'm sorry,
I really thought the one
we found in Emilio's office
- was fake and you--
- Stole the real one.
I picked up on that.
So, you've been playing me
this whole time?
Was any of this real?
No.
It's not real.
Morgan, what is this?
We asked Daphne to pull
the Fosters' insurance policy
over the last ten years.
Now, take a look at what they
were insuring in 2019.
- That's a lot of art.
- Mm-hmm.
Now look at what they insured
a few years later.
- Only 12 items.
-  And this year?
- Just one.
- That's right.
Now what are the odds
that of all the priceless art
that they own,
the one piece that gets stolen
is the only one
that happens to be insured?
I think the art that I saw
at their house was fake.
Just like the painting
we found,
I tracked down
black market sales
for eight of the pieces listed
on the Fosters'
2019 insurance rider.
Then we did some more digging.
They're in debt
to some bad people.
So, you're saying
the Fosters arranged
for their own painting
to be stolen
for the insurance money?
They love that painting
so much,
they weren't willing
to give it up
even when they went broke.
All right, where is this going?
One of them must have gotten
an idea. Now I don't know
if it was Greg or Linda.
Let's arrange to have our
painting stolen and returned
to us without anyone knowing.
That way, they could keep
both the insurance money
and the painting.
But why give over
the real thing
if you don't have to?
Maybe they didn't.
Maybe the Fosters had a forgery
made for the museum.
Right,
probably by the same expert
who forged their other ones
on their walls.
I don't think they'd
want their beloved painting
getting sliced out of a frame,
do you?
So, the museum never had
the real painting.
It was all a setup?
That's right, but nobody
robs a museum for free.
You guys remember the watch?
I think that Greg and Linda
gave Cyrus the watch
as a down payment.
And by the time Cyrus realized
the watch was a fake,
he'd already stolen the
painting, making it look like
it was Jean-Baptiste
so we wouldn't suspect him.
What he didn't know was
the painting was fake too.
He decided he wanted
to double-cross the Fosters
by putting it up for ransom.
But when the Fosters found out,
they confronted him
before he could find out
the painting was fake.
And by that time,
he'd already given
the painting to Emilio,
who hid it in his office,
believing it was real.
The Fosters couldn't risk
the truth getting out.
They needed to keep him quiet,
so they killed Cyrus.
Again, I'm not sure which one.
Maybe it was both of them.
Fake watch?
Are you kidding me? Come on!
Again, not sure which.
All right, we need to bring
the Fosters in for questioning.
They have a yacht.
The Fosters have a yacht.
I saw a picture of it
at their house.
It was called the Easy Monet.
If they go out
to ditch the murder weapon,
they could try to get away
with murder and the painting.
Forrester, go grab Ozdil.
Go to their house.
Karadec, how are your sea legs?
You know this place?
Yeah, a friend
docks his boat here.
-  That's them.
- They're casting off. Let's go.
♪ From this day forward
For better, for worse
Until death do us part ♪
- Yep.
- Yep, it's real,
or, yep, it's--
The underlayers
are inconsistent
with the pigments available
at the time the real Rembrandt
was painted.
♪ With this ring I thee wed
With all my worldly goods
I thee endow ♪
Mr. and Mrs. Foster, LAPD!
♪ To love and to cherish
According to God's
Holy ordinance ♪
This is Lieutenant Soto.
I'm being followed again.
Arthur, where are you? I'll
send you a black-and-white.
I'm just passing
Temple and Grand.
I'm actually on my way to you.
Maybe this guy will follow me
all the way to the station.
Yeah?
Fosters aren't here. Looks like
they left in a hurry.
- They took everything
of value with them.
-  Mm-hmm.
So, they're making a
run for it. All right, thanks.
So, you're sure it's fake?
It's the best I've ever seen.
How did the lady know?
She didn't have her eyes.
Can you see his license plate?
No, he keeps weaving
in between the cars.
It's a sedan of some kind,
but this guy really knows
what he's doing.
Listen, I'll be at you in
about 15, 20 minutes, tops.
All right, well, then just stay
on the line with me
until you get to the precinct.
Look, I'll be fine, all right?
I'll see you soon.
Arthur.
♪ Forever let him
Hold his peace ♪
LAPD, stop this boat right now.
Right now!
Put the gun down.
Is that a flare gun, Greg?
You could really
hurt someone with that.
Put it down!
I wish that I could,
but the LAPD has a few rules,
and not dropping my gun
in a situation like this
is one of them.
Greg, what are you doing?
Please stop, okay?
This has gone too far.
- I'm handling it, honey.
- You're not handling it.
I don't think anyone else needs
to die today, Greg.
I don't know
what you're talking about!
Maybe we got it wrong,
but I'm sure we can
work something out.
Just put the flare gun down.
Honey, please.
It is over, okay?
Where are we gonna go?
How are we gonna live, okay?
- Where?
- It's back here.
What?
Wait, where did it go?
It was right there.
I swear to God.
Where did it go?
What you got in there?
Would you believe me if I said
it's schoolboy's trainers?
How'd you know?
She doesn't have
my eyes.
Does it matter?
I'm not a murderer, Morgan.
- Just a thief.
- I do recover art
for insurance companies.
Hmm. And every once in a while,
you just decide
to hang on to one?
So, you are Jean-Baptiste?
You know, I don't even know
who picked that name.
It wasn't even the first
piece of art that I stole.
You can complain to my partner
after he arrests you.
I don't think
you called him yet.
And I'm wondering if that's
because you don't want
The Young Girl
going back to Greg and Linda
any more than I do.
And you know that
I can get her back
where she really belongs.
You stole the painting
just to give it away?
You expect me to believe that?
I do.
- You're lying.
- I'm trying to do
the right thing, Morgan.
I have no way of knowing
if you're just gonna
keep it for yourself.
That's true. I guess you're
just gonna have to trust me.
♪ Believer ♪
♪ Took me over like a fever ♪
Wait, do you guys think the
Fosters are gonna get off easy?
The Fosters would have to have
a great lawyer for that.
I don't think
they can afford it.
But what a waste though,
you know?
If I had that kind of money,
I'd buy a Malibu mansion
or a WNBA team.
Oh, no.
I'd start my own animal rescue.
- Okay, now I feel bad.
- He did that on purpose.
- Yeah!
- He definitely did.
I'll get more drinks.
He could live
at my animal shelter!
♪ As I go ♪
- Still no sign of Arthur?
- Not yet, Lieutenant.
I'll call again, but
if he doesn't answer this time,
- put a BOLO out on his truck.
- You got it.
Hey. Heard you guys do
an end-of-the-day thing here.
Thought I'd find you.
If you're gonna fire me,
can I throw a few more
drinks on this tab first?
Oh, you're not fired, Morgan.
Too valuable for your team
and to me.
I'm not letting you go.
- This how you apologize?
- No.
So, what's it like
sitting out on this arrest?
It's not like you.
Oh, no, I didn't sit out.
I was kicked out, but, uh,
thanks for asking. It sucked.
Well, don't worry. You'll
be there on the next one.
Did you hear
about the painting?
I did. Oz thinks the Fosters
tossed it in the ocean.
That tracks. They seem
like the kind of people
who are like, "If I can't
have her, nobody can."
Is that really
what you think happened?
I don't know.
I'm just a consultant.
We questioned the yacht's crew.
One of them said that
they saw a man in a wet suit
slip over the side of the boat
holding something.
So, I was thinking
maybe it was Jean-Baptiste.
Come on.
I don't think that guy exists.
No?
♪ What you gonna do
When you get to the water?♪
Grandma.
♪ What you gonna do
when you get to the water?♪
It's my girl.
My Madeline.
♪ Into the sea, out of fire ♪
♪ All that burning ♪